VALUES_AND_PRIORITIZAION.md, before:

# Values and Priorities

> Document Status: Proposal, Work In Progress

## Context

Define the `Technical` values shared by the project and their relatively priority
that are applied when making tradeoffs.


## Values and priority level

- Prio 1 - Developer experience
- Prio 2 - Stability
- Prio 3 - Operational qualities
- Prio 4 - Technology and API Currency

## Value descriptions

### Developer Experience
  - Approachability (both technical and community)
  - Great Documentation 

### Stability
  - Backwards compatibility
  - Clear expectations set around support?
  - LTS support for users still using older versions of Node 

### Operational Qualities
  - Performance
    - Throughput, size, startup time
  - Diagnostics 
  - Security

### Technology and API currency
  - Up to date and current APIs and technologies
  - Adoption of new technologies
  - Web API compatibility, standards compliance

## References

[First pass at list of values](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/5)
[Original priorities brainstorm document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sbO_zCn9n_JH2zuGtqNAahUhA_mGFA89DdAme8nEdsw)

Commit message:

squash: add some clarification on priorities

VALUES_AND_PRIORITIZAION.md, after:

# Values and Priorities

> Document Status: Proposal, Work In Progress

## Context

Define the `Technical` values shared by the project and their relatively priority
that are applied when making tradeoffs.


## Values and priority level

This is only a subset of the overall prioties, listing only those which are at the
top of the priority list. Anthing on this list is very important for the project
despite the relative priorities shown.

- Prio 1 - Developer experience
- Prio 2 - Stability
- Prio 3 - Operational qualities
- Prio 4 - Technology and API Currency

## Value descriptions

### Developer Experience
  - Approachability (both technical and community)
  - Great Documentation 

### Stability
  - Backwards compatibility
  - Clear expectations set around support?
  - LTS support for users still using older versions of Node 

### Operational Qualities
  - Performance
    - Throughput, size, startup time
  - Diagnostics 
  - Security

### Technology and API currency
  - Up to date and current APIs and technologies
  - Adoption of new technologies
  - Web API compatibility, standards compliance

## References

[First pass at list of values](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/5)
[Original priorities brainstorm document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sbO_zCn9n_JH2zuGtqNAahUhA_mGFA89DdAme8nEdsw)
