# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2020-07-29

## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/5vpZzMRj4m0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/3

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Andrey Pechkurov (@puzpuzpuz)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* @mmarchini
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Chengzhong Wu (@legendecas)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Values/directions document for core [#2](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/2)
  * From discussion in the meeting today lets start with the name for the file being `mission.md`
  * Values Brainstorm, initial list:
    * version from html spec as one example: https://www.w3.org/TR/html-design-principles/#priority-of-constituencies
    * Values should be a general suggestion, not a hard rule
    * Wes, this is around technical values, other values are important but not covered here. Make sure to clarify that up front.
    * Approachability (both technical and community)
    * Stability
    * User experience
    * Developer experience
    * Community
    * Security
    * Backwards compatibility(?)
    * Performance
    * Diagnostics
    * Maintainability
    * Web API compatibility
    * Ecosystem (from FunRetro)
    * Collaborator Velocity
    * Great Documentation
    * Adoption of new technologies
    * Simplicity over complexity
    * Planning for today versus all possible future options, Avoid needless complexity
    * Tight focus/minimal surface 
      * Same as small core? - was trying to capture without saying that :)
      * “Right sized core”? I think we want to have a discussion around the balance between
        “small” and still providing the most value
    * LTS support for users still using older versions of Node
      * Clear expectations set around support? 
      * Yes, also for people who use different flavors of linux or other operating systems less popular than windows, mac and ubuntu 
        * I think that falls more under supported platforms
    * Suitability for cloud/deployments?
    * Suitability for IoT (e.g. low memory footprint)?

*  We should make a clear list of constituencies, brainstormed list:
  * Direct end users
    * Users who run tools themselves (install Node, run tool, deal with errors)
  * Application operators  
  * Application Developers
    * front-end tool consumers
    * back-end server authors
    * hobby developers
    * professional developers
    * tool authors
  * library/package authors
  * Node.js core maintainers

* Next steps
  * Open PR to capture constituencies in repo (Matheus) 
  * Open issue with values and ask people to comment on their ranking of priorities, and tag for
    the agenda for next time. (Michael)

## Q&A, Other


## Upcoming Meetings


NOTE: had to see the time for the next meeting to 10-11 EST (same as this time) as the other
2 TSC timeslots already have a meeting scheduled during that week.


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
