# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2021-11-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/eFLo25tlKSs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/100>

## Present

* Richard Dixon
* Tierney
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Beth Griggs
* Joe Sepi  

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Mini summit
  * Issue in DT, some interest in being involved, <https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/discussions/56953>
  * Should invite Anna on the single binary front
  * Vercel, ncc (cli), Tierney will figure out who to invite.
  
* build: provide pre-built nodejs/node images or cache  [#39672](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/39672)
  * Updated issue in node core with status, general agreement that we should move forward
  * Next steps create an issue in admin, to move repo into Node.js project
  * PR dev container to node core, and set up actions to build/publish. Hopeful that we can get
    an extra-large runner from the GitHub actions team.

### nodejs/next-10

* Technical Priority Deep Dive - Documentation [#89](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/89)
  * Skipped for this week

* deep dive on Maintaining/growing the level of contribution in future Next-10 meeting  [#86](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/86)
  * Skipped for this week


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
