# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2022-02-16

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEBhm1OanNY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/116>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Arnaud Debec (@arnaud_debec)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* build: provide pre-built nodejs/node images or cache  [#39672](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/39672)
  * No major update this week.

### nodejs/next-10

* Summit recap and next steps - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/blob/main/meetings/summit-jan-2022.md>
  * plan for modern http - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/maintaining-http.md>
    * Michael gave an overview, agreeing that with the doc capturing the strategy we are in a decent state on this front for modern http so only next step is to plan to revisit in 3 months or something like that.
    * Ruy asked about how we make sure collaborators are:
      * aware of the strategy and related docs
      * know they can change/make additions
      * know they can participate in Next-10 and future mini-summits
      * Should some of the other teamâ€™s docs point to these docs as well?
    * Next actions (Michael volunteered to create issues for these)
      * PR in references to the collaborator onboarding docs
      * Look at Undici docs to see where it would make sense to PR in references
      * Plan for session in the collaborator summit at OpenJS World
        (hopefully cross everybody versus breakout) + breakout sessions
  * Second session was on documentation
    * Concrete next steps
      * PR into <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/tools/doc/README.md> for now that every method should have an example.
      * PR into <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/tools/doc/README.md> - documentation for the metadata and how it is used. Michael will create issue in Next-10 to track that work - create issue to document metadata.

* Beth should next-10 be a strategic initiative ?
  * Michael: makes sense to me. Lets do it.

* We discussed issues/tagged a number for discussion in the next meeting.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
