# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2022-07-20

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5YN-lpa1xs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/142>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
  * Added to CPC agenda to see if now is the time to move that forward

* Suitable types - Mini Summit Deep Dive next steps [#104](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/104)
  * No update this week

* Next-10 - Deep dive session for Better multithreaded support[130](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/139)
  * Lets plan for the next collab submit which should be early Oct

* Discussed technical priority status - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/blob/main/TECHNICAL_PRIORITY_WORKING_SUMMARY.md>
  * If we donâ€™t have maintaining ESM doc that would be a good one to work on
  * Try to encourage/get work started on support for ESM in the vm module. (Michael to open issue on this)
  * Support for features from the latest ECMAScript spec - Plan to document current approach in ../doc/contributing (Michael to open issue for this)
  * Create feature request for - Replacing trace events implementation with Perfetto (Michael to create issue)
  * Start documentation/advocacy initiative to modules owners, Michael to open issue in Diagnostics WG around this. (Michael to create issue for this)
  * Jean will open an issue for survey, plan to go into details next time.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
