# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2022-11-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWzo42F6AKA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/178> 

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)
* Joyee Cheung (@joyeecheung)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Get collab summit attendee list for follow on disussion on priorities [#167](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/167)
  * no update that yet
* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Jean should likely set up a separate meeting
  * Michael has meeting with Claudio to discuss this afternoon
  * Claudio put together this <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/api-documentation.md> to help people understand where we are starting.
* Review easy retros from Collab summit and do updates as appropriate [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/165)
  * Last step <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/technical-priorities.md>
* Plan for collaborator session in Dublin [#159](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/159)
  * Nothing more to discuss, closing issue.
* Visualization technical priorities [#155](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/155)
  * No update this week
* Example / documentation Initiative [#154](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/154)
  * discussed
  * Concept as Jean outlined would be much more tightly coupled to Node.js APIs, examples
using Node.js APIs only (or mostly) more along the lines of node-addon-examples
* i18n initiative documentation [#153](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/153)
  * some coverage in the metadata proposal for docs above [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
* Next-10 next survey [#152](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/152)
  * Good discussion on the survey
  * Other priority is PR to update the technical priorities
  * Jean is going to reach out to Robin/Kaylie to see if they can help support/and timing
* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
* Suitable types - Mini Summit Deep Dive next steps
  * Some discussion in the issue
[#104](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/104)
  * No update this week

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
