# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2023-01-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NjKHTlnuIA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/187>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Get collab summit attendee list for follow on disussion on priorities [#167](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/167)
  * Jean added list of people at the summit

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Nothing new to report this week
  * Some discussion around how we do backports
  * Need to figure out that transition prior to adopting the new docs
  * Next step is to get ready for presentation to TSC

* Review easy retros from Collab summit and do updates as appropriate [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/165)
  * @sheplu working on PR, should have by next week.

* Visualization technical priorities [#155](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/155)
  * related to #165  @sheplu also working on this.

* Example / documentation Initiative [#154](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/154)
  * Might be a good fit for learn section on website. Will try to keep a short list of what we might do.
  * We can then see if we want to link to existing external articles or come up with something

* i18n initiative documentation [#153](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/153)
  * Nothing to report

* Next-10 next survey [#152](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/152)
  * Jean will incorporate suggestions and then we’ll review to see if its too big

* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
  * Discussed using “What’s new” issues in team/WG/repos, maybe add one for node.js core
  * Michael will create TSC issue to outline as an FYI, and then we could start with node-api and next-10 teams doing it and forward to the periodicals we listed.
  * Some discussion around Mastodon and Twitter handles for sharing project news.

* Suitable types - Mini Summit Deep Dive next steps [#104](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/104)
  * Nothing to report this week.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
