# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2023-06-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmGxdN0IL84>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/216>

## Present

* Michael Dawson: (@mhdawson)
* Augustin Mauroy: (@AugustinMauroy)
* Ulises Gascon: (@UlisesGascon)
* Jean Burellier: (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No announcements this week.

### nodejs/next-10

* Next-10 Collaboration Summit: Technical Priorities [#209](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/209)
  * No progress

* Next-10 Serverless Deep Dive [#200](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/200)
  * Scheduled for tomorrow
  * Ethan/Michael talking about tweet/thread
  * Some discussion on having enough people there
  * Maybe work on address book for contacts within companies

* Corporate support and contribution [#177](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/177)
  * whatâ€™s the outcome
  * Jean will write up a starting point that we can review

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Claudio did present the updated version in last TSC meeting
  * Should issue soon in nodejs/node for broader input

* Review easy retros from Collab summit and do updates as appropriate [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/165)
  * PR that should be landed

* Example / documentation Initiative [#154](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/154)
  * discussion in admin repo to get Jean access so he can move forward
  * One pr had been review
* i18n initiative documentation [#153](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/153)
  * Some discussion,
  * Jean, MDN did a good job of translation.
  * Took off agenda for now

* Next-10 next survey [#152](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/152)
  * PR to add results - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/pull/215>
  * Went through the results and had an initial discussion
  * Will leave on agenda for one more meeting to discuss after people have time to read through the detailed comments

* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
  * Ulises doing great work on building tool to pull news into RSS feed - <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/803>
  * Next step is to move over repo (<https://github.com/UlisesGascon/poc-nodejs-news-feeder>)
  * Issue added issue for SEA and Performance

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
