# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2023-04-12

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM0WHI0WnO0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/202>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)
* Claudio Wunder (@wunderacle)
* Augustin Mauroy (@augustinmauroy)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Jean in a month OpenJS and collaborator summit. Hope to see people there. Next-10 has some sessions near the start.

* Extracted from **next10-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Presented to TSC since last update
  * Updated proposal went over well, some follow on comments on issue.
    * Thinking about how to respond to the comments
    * Discussion is around who gets the friction
    * Michael - 2 main things
      * Out of line parameters has a cost
      * suggestion of standard format for parameters (TypeScript)
    * Claudio, idea of tooling to help with view of docs, as already you canâ€™t see
      everything already in the markdown docs.
    * Some discussion on the comments, will be thinking about.

* Review easy retros from Collab summit and do updates as appropriate [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/165)
  * PR opened - (feat: update technical priorities for 2023)[ <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47523>]
  * Mostly the same as last, year, major change is addition of Serverless, developer experience,

* Visualization technical priorities [#155](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/155)
  * Jean - no update this week, going to present during upcoming collaborator summit

* Example / documentation Initiative [#154](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/154)
  * Jean - need to push some examples, will see if reviews happen

* i18n initiative documentation [#153](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/153)
  * Crowdin used for web site
  * In the discussion of the API docs proposal the feeling was that translating the API docs is not a priority.
  * Jean would like to pursue
  * Jean will ping Nick from WebSite team has contributed to MDN to see if there is stats in terms of usage of different languages.
  * Augustin mentioned some work by Alexendr tovmach on translation here - <https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/blob/d4e590e836e682ef81c2fd19f7fa87856eb7ad8b/script/collect.js>

* Next-10 next survey [#152](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/152)
  * Draft survey ready, deadline to review is this week I think.

* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
  * Next step is to promote to working groups/teams
    * Michael
      * Will open for Node core
      * Michael will ask uvwasi team
      * Michael will ask Diagnostic team
      * Michael Security team
    * Jean - will reach out to
      * Performance team
      * Will create for Next-10 team
      * Will reach out to SEA team

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
