# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2023-03-15

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCAhJRHL8n4>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/196>

## Present

* Next 10 years team: @nodejs/next-10
* Augustin Mauroy (@AugustinMauroy)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Kiran Mahale
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
* Augustin, Tierney commented that initiative was different than what Jean was proposing
* Jean
  * OpenJS collab summit in 1 ½ months in Vancouver
  * Another one at Open Source Summit in Spain in September 19-21

### nodejs/next-10

* Session proposals for the next Collaborator Summit - what should we submit [#194](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/194)
  * We discussed proposals. Jean has action to submit one and Michael will submit the other.
* Get collab summit attendee list for follow on discussion on priorities [#167](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/167)
  * Michael to review/land.
* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Claudio could not make it today, leave on agenda for next time
* Review easy retros from Collab summit and do updates as appropriate [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/165)
  * Jean: need to push / finish the list
* Visualization technical priorities [#155](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/155)
  * discussed proposal, looking good
* Example / documentation Initiative [#154](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/154)
  * Jean: discuss with Tierney
* i18n initiative documentation [#153](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/153)
  * No major update here
  * Some feedback that translated docs are not that valuable
  * Agustin mentioned that a single repo for the website (with docs and other pages) makes it harder to contribute. Its idea it’s to have one repo for docs.
* Next-10 next survey [#152](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/152)
  * Joe Sepiwas going to check with the OpenJS communication team.
* Create Communications Channel to JS Newsletters/Periodicals [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/110)
  * Next step is for Michael to PR in some doc in the main repo.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
