# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2025-01-08

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZ4nV9U5RFo>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/319>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jacob Smith (@JakobJingleheimer)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Ambassador program - message and topics for additional content [#302](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/302)
  * we continue to work on adding the messages.
* Follow on discussion from survey - perf and diagnostics [#296](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/296)
* Corporate Node.js usage stories/studies [#279](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/279)
  * Next on the list after getting the advocacy program going
* Next steps from Advocacy Deep dive #259
  * Marco: would be good to onboard the workflow for the ambassador onboarding
  * Michael: will set up onboarding for next ambassador, invite Jacob as well
  * Michael: after that then through slack or or whatever we should discuss kickoff
  * Michael: we should also make sure re-posts are covered for bluesky

* Mentoring workshop(s) in Amsterdam [#318](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/318)
  * Jacob, In collab summit in Ireland there was a session on diversity. Agreed that we want to
    do want we can to improve.
    * codebar is a DEI coding charity in the UK, Jacob reached out in terms of extending to
      Amsterdam. Also thought it would be a good opportunity for the Node.js project to support
    * Good discussion.

* 2025 brainstorm
  * Jean: Survey in April for 2025
  * Michael: Ramp up Ambassador program
  * Michael: Ramp up Corporate Node.js usage stories/studies
  * Jean: Collaborator stories
    * Randomly pick 1-2 collaborators per month
    * Ask them to do short write up
    * Jean, maybe at the collaborator summit
    * Jakob, what if gather the information ahead of time, create a template and create pokemon
      card, and collect them.
    * Goal is visibility of people contributing
    * Have opt-in list, PR info answering,
  * Follow on up survey results on Diagnostics
  * How often should we do collaborator survey again ?
    * Main pain point was the CI and flakiness
      * Michael, turning on crowdfunding accounts to get funding to help is one next step
      * Jakob, tooling could also help make it easier to fix the problems
        * Michael, as mentioned tools do exist, but still possibly not easy
        * Jean,
    * Would like to make progress on that before another survey
    * other pain point was wasted effort and lack of co-ordination
      * Jakob was going to open an issue to lay out the problems, and an RFC process is a potential good.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
