# Node.js  Next 10 Years team Meeting 2025-02-19

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95Ne-rTWe_0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/328>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jean Burellier (@sheplu)
* Jacob Smith (@JakobJingleheimer)
* Zach Tanner (@ZacTanner)
* Marco Ippolito (@marco-ippolito)
* Nguyen Duc Thien (@iuuukhueeee)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Extracted from **next10-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Collaborator summit - Next 10 sessions [#326](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/326)
  * Discussion on the sessions
    * Jean, what are the pain points for the collaborators?
      * Michael, what would get out of that?
      * Jean, what we want to do to improve collaborator summit
      * Could prepare based on last
      * Jean will submit one on this
    * Jakob
      * session: follow-ups / updates
        * DEI: first event last week, having another one next week
        * userland-migrations: Also code mod related stuff, userland migrations
      * session: Mentoring programme
        * will start a "proposals" directory in the next-10 repo
    * Marco
      * Next-10 survey, small session to gather info/refine the survey
      * Would be good to discuss at the summit as we can get real time discussion to close the
        loop
      * Agreed to do survey after collaborator summit and plan for session to discuss.
      * Marco will submit session
  * Do we want to do those collaborator pokemon cards? (if so, i'll start designing them and collecting data)
    * cost / budget? (how does that work)

* Ambassador program - message and topics for additional content [#302](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/302)
  * Marco has pinged collaborators. Possibly merge with survey discussion, also messages that
    we should be sharing.
* Follow on discussion from survey - perf and diagnostics [#296](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/296)
  * no update

* Corporate Node.js usage stories/studies [#279](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/279)
  * no update
  * Jean will open a PR with a proposal to start the discussion

* Set of base question for collaborators - [329](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/329)
* 2025 Survey - [330](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/330)
  * Zach, closing off some of the open questions
    * asking native spoken language
    * Michael, maybe how comfortable in English
  * Michael what about a few of the open response
  * biggest pain point
  * ESM
  * Zach, probably worth keeping a few of those
  * Marco, we should go to the summit with an outline of what the survey looks like, so we should start working on it in the next meeting

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
